Once upon a time, a man went to the store. It had been a long and busy week, and when he sat in his favorite couch at the end of the day, he realized he was very lonely. The man went to the store to buy another box of cereal for himself, ashamed as he was to admit, he had already gone through 3. While he made his way through the seafood aisle, he noticed a strange creature floating around in a tank. Fascinating, he thought to himself, they usually don't stock octopi on Fridays. The bright undulating colors of the octopus drew the man nearer to the tank in a sort of hypnotic trance. There is in front of me, he muttered to himself, another lonely creature that wants a friend. Well, maybe not a friend, but at least someone to be with. I suppose you could watch the house while I'm gone during the day, he suggested to the octopus, now staring back at his new friend.

To the man's surprise, the octopus firmly agreed to his proposition.  The man and the octopus ventured back to the man's lair, after pay $7.47 for the octopus at the register that is.  They would begin a long and enduring friendship of eating cereal and watching television, until on fateful day...

The CIA came to the man's door and demanded to be let in. The man refused but the agents bust threw his door and searched the house. "What is this all about? I demand that you leave", the man said. They ignored him and kept searching the house. The man was thinking that maybe they were searching for the octopus, but was surprised when they hadn't found it yet. It seemed that the octopus has disappeared magically into thin air. Suddenly, there was a loud crash in the hallway.

Hearing the sound, the CIA rushed towards the hallway. The man followed behind them and they all discovered a lamp that was knocked down. But there was no octopus to be found. After searching the whole house, the CIA just could not find where it had gone. The man, still confused as to what is the situation demanded answered from them. Briefly, they told him that that octopus was not from this world and is an alien life form they have been chasing for years. Again, they have lost the octopus again. The CIA demanded that he would not speak of this to anyone, but the man did not have anyone to talk with regardless. A month later, the man sees the same undulating colors from his window.

It was his octopus friend, the man was so excited that he couldn't help shouting. When he tried to get close to window he was shot with a narcotic. The CIA showed up and now they wanted to capture the alien octopus alive. However, out of their expected, the octopus disappeared again. CIA blockeded the building, they decided to figure out how did the alien creature disappeared each time, it must have some capability like invisible. 
